docs review/improvements (#292)
agrc/api.mapserv.utah.gov: src/explorer/src/content/docs/docs/v1/endpoints/geocoding.mdx

  order: 1
---

import { Card, TabItem, Tabs } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";
import Uri from "../../../../../components/Uri.astro";
import Callback from "../../../../../components/parameters/Callback.mdx";

> import OutputFormat from "../../../../../components/parameters/OutputFormat.mdx";

Reviewer: **suggestion**: we should register an alias to remove all these ../../ like we did in the website

Author: I created a new issue for this since it seems outside of the scope for this PR. I'm not a huge fan of those aliases. I feel like they are more confusing and VSCode struggles to auto-complete them. But it's not a big deal to me.

### zone

> A Utah municipality name or a 5 digit zip code. The word, "City", is optional. For example, both "Sandy" and "Sandy City" will return the same result. The spelling should match (case-insensitive) the values in the "Zone" column of this [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Dc77HLVn9YXgY1JkcqqaMh1Tm0cemwXxFfyHb7dP0Cs/edit#gid=0). Have a suggestion for a new value to add to the list? [Let us know](https://github.com/agrc/api.mapserv.utah.gov/issues/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Utah place name or a 5 digit zip code. The word, "City", is optional. For example, "Sandy" and "Sandy City" are equivalent. The spelling needs to match (case-insensitive) an entry in the "Zone" column of this [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Dc77HLVn9YXgY1JkcqqaMh1Tm0cemwXxFfyHb7dP0Cs/edit#gid=0) to have a chance of matching. 

If a common place name is not in our list, please suggest an addition through a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/agrc/api.mapserv.utah.gov/issues/new).
```

### locators

> The locators are the search engine for address data. There are three options. The default value of `all` will use the highest score from the [address point](https://gis.utah.gov/products/sgid/location/address-points/) and [road centerline](https://gis.utah.gov/products/sgid/transportation/road-centerlines/) data and provide the best match rate. Address point locations are used in the event of a tie. Address points are a collaboration with the counties to map structures or places where mail is delivered. Road centerlines are a dataset with every road and the range of numbers that road segment contains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The locators are the search engine for address data. There are three options. The default value of `all` will use the highest score from the [address point](https://gis.utah.gov/products/sgid/location/address-points/) and [road centerline](https://gis.utah.gov/products/sgid/transportation/road-centerlines/) data and provide the best match rate. Address point locations are used in the event of a tie. Address points are a collaboration with the counties to map structures or places where mail is delivered. Road centerlines are a dataset with every road the counties have shared with us and the range of numbers that road segment contains.
```
